haha will be sparked off will be Scots
off hats boyish first off ah the way be
Scott ah ah you're gone knee
dear Gandhi no Ida Scott ah ah
so why be Scott oh no I can't mom basic
idiot um they kill your gorni mama dear
Connie night Laura Scott all know why
Gary faster Yamato
hey momma is ready oh I forgot so cranky
ah no Wabash costo Lavoie take Anya and
tear join me in a white bitch got off ah
no I be Scotto
so I discussed oh ah the way so what is
cost of him mama
ah freedom amatsu GB no Irish cop stops
hmm
applause by the way aprender nobody
Scott oh ah
the wildest copter
ah October Tavella mama mama hey mama
because the white sheet good he was
warning you Johnny
ah here Johnny
hey is the mama know why because oh mama
y know I be hot top tikaani
baba
hey momma hey momma hey momma hey momma
hey buddy Bobby they would be